# AI Introduction - Term Project

Given a raw image, this program can find all the faces of the given raw image, and select one of them, then display the results of DLGAN.


## Folders

- ./raw : store the raw images which could be used as "test data set". **Please feel free to add more images**.

- ./face : when you run 'find_faces.py' or 'Main.py', this folder would store all the faces of input images. **Please read 'find_faces.py' for more detailed information**.

- ./camera : Our program supports capturing images from computer camera, this folder stores the images captured from camera.

- ./DLGAN : store the results of DLGAN (**12 images assigned different labels**)


## Files

- ./Main.py : The main program. You can choose whether use camera or not by modifying the code.

- ./find_faces.py : This file contains the function `Find_faces_and_mark_them`, which can find all the faces, and save them as file `face/face0.png`, `face/face1.png`. **You can directly run this file**

- ./get_attributes.py : This file contains the function `Attribute`, which translates the attributes of the face (generated by Face++) into **natural language**.

- ./graphic_interface.py : this file contains a class `PhotoViewer`, which can display the marked images, the top 4 biggest faces, and the DLGAN results. 

- ./camera.py : thie file used for calling the computer camera. **If the user presses `s` in the keyboard, the images would be saved.** Main.py would call this function.

- ./client.py : Provides APIs (`img_transform` and `img_interpolate` functions) to the server which holds the DLGAN model.

    - The input of these APIs are path to the images (and of course some other arguments specifying how to modify them). See the docstrings in `client.py` for full details.
    - The return value is a dictionary with keys (hair, gender) in the transformation case, and (hair, gender, alpha) in the interpolation case, where alpha is the weight of `img_appearance1`.
    - Passing the argument `save_result` lets you save the generated images.

- ./util.py : this file contains the necessary utilities which are used in ./client.py

- ./facepp_API.py : This file contains the function 'connect_to_facepp', which can connect to 'Face++' website (a free CV paltform) and get the attributes (json format) of the given face, like age, gender. **Please refer to [Face++](https://console.faceplusplus.com.cn/documents/4888373) for more details**.

## Usage

1. If you just want to find all faces of the raw image, please run 'find_faces.py'

2. If you want to display the results of DLGAN, please run 'Main.py'.
    - **Before you run 'Main.py', please change the ssh port to go through the firewall**
    
        - > The command is in our WeChat Group
    
    - The server is currently running. If it is closed, you may login server and run the following commands:
        ```
            source /home/haodong/Workspace/env3/bin/activate
            cd /raid/zhaoyihao/code3/ILGAN/ILGAN-16/
            python server.py
        ```
        - > The server account and password is in our WeChat Group
        
    - **You should use this command `pythonw Main.py` (or `python Main.py` on Windows) to support graphic interface**
